KURUMI: [crying]
Why?
Why is this happening to me?
Dad, Mom?
- You okay?
- Huh?
- I know you've been
through quite a lot.
But I promise you're safe here.
Well, anyway, you should try
and get some rest.
- [gasping]
- Excuse me, sir.
- [gasps]
- It's them again.
- [exhales]
- [gasps]
- Sorry, there's a small meeting
I need to attend.
We'll talk a little later, okay?
Uh, can you wait by yourself?
- [gasps]
[crying]
- Don't worry.
- [gasps]
- [chuckles]
I'm gonna be right back.
It's a promise.
- [gasps]
Okay.
[chuckles]
- [chuckles]
[dramatic music]
♪♪ ♪♪
Let's do this.
all: Yeah!
[door creaks]
[indistinct chatter]
[all groaning]
- [HOST A shouts]
Quick, hand me
another one!
[all shouting]
- Akemi, it's me, sto--
- [groaning]
Ah, dammit!
All I ever wanted to do was--
was become number one
just like Sho someday.
- Do whatever it takes
to protect this place!
Give it all you got!
all: Yeah!
[all shouting]
[motorcycle
engine revving]
[tires squealing]
- Whew!
It's been a while
since I've come to Shinjuku,
but it's just like I remembered.
Packed with people!
No surprise there!
That said,
I know you're not the kinda guy
to go down without a fight.
Hang tight, Kencho.
I'm comin'!
[chuckles]
[engine revving]
- [roars]
[KANA-BOON's "Song of the Dead"]
[birds chirping]
[AKIRA gargling]
[spits]
[faucet squeaks]
Hmm.
Now that I finally quit my job,
I'm free to grow any kind
of beard I want.
Don't tell me
I'm stuck with this.
There's gotta be a cool way
to make it look fuller, right?
[groans]
[scribbling]
Never mind.
I'm good.
Time to shave.
[grunts]
The day's still young, though,
so what should I do?
[phone vibrating]
Hmm?
[gasps]
Whoa!
It's working!
[gasps]
I have messages again!
[laughing]
Nice, that means the internet
must be back up now!
I've been so bogged down with
work the last three years,
I've had to turn down all
the invites from friends
to hangout.
[chuckles]
There are so many people I
wanna catch up with and see,
now that I'm free.
[humming]
[groaning]
[groans]
[grunts]
Hmm?
[groaning]
[yawns]
Oh, right.
The only reason I can use
my phone now
is probably because
internet traffic is down.
- [groans]
[crows cawing]
- And if internet
traffic's down,
that means there aren't
many people left using it.
[inhales]
I spent time at work instead
of with friends.
All that overtime clocked,
but what good did it do?
- You should quit your job
and leave that trash in
the past.
- [gasps]
[gasps]
You'll be around!
You're not the type
to go down without a fight!
[zombies groaning]
- [breathing heavily]
- [groaning]
[KENCHO breathing heavily]
[gasps]
- [yelling]
- [breathing heavily]
[pounding on door]
I'm trapped in here.
There's no way outta this.
[groans]
[grunts]
[gasps]
[gulping water]
[groans]
[snarls]
[exhales]
I've had nothing but water
for three days.
Worst of all...
- [yelling]
- I've been stuck inside
this room this whole time
with this monster.
I'm starting
to lose my god damn mind.
That said, there's one thing
in my favor right now.
My drunk ass just so
happened to pick the bondage
room.
- [zombie yelling]
[stomach growls]
- Dammit.
I'm starving.
And exhausted.
Aww, hell.
Is this...
Is this how it all ends for me?
Trapped in some ridiculous place
like this?
- [AKIRA laughing]
Where do you come up
with this stuff?
[laughing]
- KENCHO: Huh?
What?
- My sides hurt!
KENCHO: Why am I thinking
of him at a time like this?
- [laughing]
KENCHO: Ah, that's right.
He somehow always laughed
at my jokes,
no matter how stupid they were,
didn't ya?
Ah, those were the days.
College was--
[cell phone vibrating]
[gasping]
Huh?
[swallows]
Akira?
- Whoa!
You picked up!
Kencho, you're alive!
It's been a while.
When was the last time
we went out for drinks, man?
Has it really already been
a year?
- Y--Yeah.
- Hey, what's wrong?
You sound kinda down.
- Ah, well, I could ask
you why you sound so excited.
- [AKIRA gasps]
Oh.
I'm gonna tell you all
about it when we meet.
Where are you right now?
- I'm cooped up in Shinjuku.
- Sweet! I'll head over
to Shinjuku now, then.
KENCHO: No,
it's impossible.
The place is swarming
with zombies.
Forget it!
- AKIRA: I'll be fine.
I'll be fine!
Anyway, text me
your address.
- Huh? But I--
- AKIRA: Bye!
[phone receiver clicks]
[beeping]
- Uh...
[engine revving]
- Back in college Kencho and
I went through a lot during
our four years
playing rugby together.
He was a handsome
smooth-talker, and no matter the
occasion,
He'd always go all out to
be the life of the party.
But above all,
he was my best bud.
MAN: Dude, I'm tellin' ya,
it was--
- AKIRA: After
we graduated,
he went on to become a big
time real estate agent.
With his charismatic
personality,
things were smooth sailing
for him at his job.
- Yesterday I was entertaining
some politicians.
You wouldn't believe it.
Those guys spend money on
a whole other level!
Oh, I almost forgot!
I haven't shown you
my new girlfriend yet!
Dude, she's one
of the top models right now.
The two of us took a day trip
to Paris last weekend.
AKIRA: All the while,
my soul was slowly
getting crushed
in the gears of an
exploitative corporation
which made it hard to hear
other people's success
stories,
especially my friends'.
- Things have
been amazing.
Your company sounds miserable,
but if it's that bad,
why not just walk away, Akira?
You should quit your job
and leave that trash in
the past!
- [gasps]
[groans]
Come on.
Give me a break.
I'm seriously struggling here.
- And I'm telling you
my serious advice
is that you should quit.
There's no reason to stick
with a company like that.
Don't be stupid!
- [grunts]
I don't have the luxury
to just quit!
And stop bragging about
your personal life!
It's puttin' me down, you know!
- [grunts]
[both grunting]
[both gulping]
[both exhale]
both: Bartender, check, please!
[engine revving]
- [grunting]
I'm on my way, Kencho!
Hang in there, buddy!
[grunts]
[distant booming]
- [breathing heavily]
[zombies groaning]
[grunting]
[gasps]
So this is the end for me, huh?
[scoffs]
Considering the way my life
has been...
This isn't a
bad way to go.
My only regret
is I couldn't keep my promise.
I'm sorry.
[zombies groaning]
[distant horn honking]
[gasps]
[all groaning]
[honking continues]
[zombies groaning]
[gasps]
What happened?
I've been spared]
But why?
- [shouting]
- [gasps]
That noise.
What is that?
[all groaning]
[honking continues]
- [gasping]
Nice.
Okay.
[booming]
[grunts]
[panting]
- [breathing heavily]
What's going on out there?
[door creaks]
The zombies are all gone?
What the hell happened?
[clunking]
[gasps]
[inhales sharply]
[grunts]
[rumbling]
[heart pounding]
[gasps]
[gulps, exhales]
Huh?
- Kencho.
- [shouts]
Ah!
[gasps]
Akira.
What are you, uh--
you came here.
You actually came to get m--
- Kencho!
- [gasps]
- [whimpers]
- You were right
this whole time, buddy!
I should have quit
the company the second I knew
it was a rotten place!
But I didn't listen,
and instead
of just taking your advice,
I ignored it and got jealous
of how successful
and happy you were!
I got annoyed
and so I lashed out at you.
[crying]
Even though we're friends.
- [gasps]
I'm sorry!
I really am sorry!
[whimpering]
- You're tellin' me you came all
the way over here
to say that?
- [crying]
I'm really sorry!
- Uh, no!
- I, uh...
[gasps]
[exhales]
How do I say this?
[all roaring]
[both shouting]
Crap, they're back!
- Sorry,
I shouldn't have shouted!
[gasps]
Our only option is the roof!
[grunting]
[zombies groaning]
[both shouting]
Ah, Kencho, behind you!
- [grunting]
I can't hold them back!
- Hang in there!
[groans]
[clanging]
[KENCHO breathing heavily]
That's not
gonna be enough!
They're gonna break through it!
[both breathing heavily]
What do we do?
What do we do? What do we do?
[zombies groaning]
God dammit!
Akira, what do we do?
Akira!
[gasps]
- [inhales]
We jump.
- [gasps]
[stammers]
Huh?
- The next building over
is close enough to leap across.
- What?
But we can't make that jump.
No one could!
It's impossible!
[stammers]
- [grunts]
- Akira, what are you...
- Guess we'll find out.
I'm jumping!
See you there!
- [stammers]
Akira!
- [breathing heavily]
[grunts]
[groaning]
- [gasps]
Are you all right?
- [exhales]
How'd you like that?
- How'd I like it?
You--you got balls
of steel, man!
- Thanks! Now hurry up
and get over here!
- [shudders]
[swallows]
[wind blowing]
- Uh, Kencho?
- Akira.
I know you came all this way
to save me,
but I'm sorry.
- [gasps]
- [winces]
I just can't do it.
I can't jump that.
[zombies groaning]
But before I die,
there's something
I've been meaning
to tell you, Akira.
You see, the truth is...
I hated my job.
There wasn't one part
of it I liked!
- [gasps]
- Day after day I had to smile
at people while lying straight
to their faces.
I talked them into signing away
on terrible contracts.
But the praise
from the higher ups,
the company's acknowledgment
of my hard work,
the gorgeous models I dated,
dining out
with big time politicians
and famous athletes...
[all groaning]
And none of it--
none of it made me happy at all.
- [gasps]
- So, Akira...
- [inhales sharply]
I was just showing off!
I pretended and lied to myself
to feel less empty!
I sat there and bragged
to you about it like an ass!
I'm so sorry!
Please, Akira!
I'm sorry!
- [scoffs]
Of course.
That makes sense.
No matter what situation
we were in,
that fun-loving panache
of yours brought everybody up!
- Huh?
[all groaning]
That's why I wanted a job where
I could make people forget about
their lives and laugh
for a moment!
I--I wanted...
I wanted to be
a stand-up comedian!
[voice echoing]
- [scoff]
Then do it!
Leave that garbage job in
the past and do it!
Take it from me!
You won't regret it!
- [crying]
[zombies groaning]
- Don't make the mistake I did!
Listen to advice
from your friends
the first time!
If you're a coming then
show me you can jump that gap
and make it funny!
- [grunting]
R--Right!
[grunts]
[zombies groaning]
[shouting]
[yelling]
- [snickering]
[laughing]
- [smirks]
[groaning]
[shouting]
Hey, Akira!
Give me a hand!
I'm not joking!
[whimpering] Is--is
this how I'm gonna die?
Buck naked?
[shouts]
- [grunts]
- [gasping]
Akira!
- [grunts]
Up you go!
- [groaning]
[both grunting]
[both breathing heavily]
[groaning]
- Oh, crap, what's wrong?
Did you get bitten by a zombie?
- It's worse!
I scraped my balls!
AKIRA: Oh, man.
I never thought I'd see you
so magnificently buck naked
crying like a baby.
KENCHO: Shut up.
Anyone with taste would know
it was a bit inspired
by my rebirth as a comic.
- Yeah, right.
What's new about you
doing naked jokes?
- [exhales]
Ah, get used to it.
[gulping]
[exhales]
Ah, I'd give anything
to be on a stage.
You know, if you got
any connections
from work that could help,
I'm all ears.
- From work?
I don't know what
you're talking about.
I've never worked.
- Yeah, then who
was whining about
the company they worked for?
- [groans]
- You looked worse than
the zombies back then.
[chuckles]
- So what?
You're the one who was crying.
What kind of comic cries
during their act?
[both chuckling]
[both gulping]
[both exhaling]
- Man.
You were seriously
amazing today.
The guys who quit their jobs,
drop everything,
and move on with their lives,
those are the ones who turn
out to be successful later on.
Heh, that's how entrepreneurs
and artists are born, right?
Hell, for all I know...
It might even turn out to be
the guy who saves us all
from the zombie
apocalypse.
- Mm?
Who, me?
No way!
Like that'll ever happen.
- Yeah, probably not.
That definitely ain't happenin'
for sure.
[both laughing]
Whoa, I just thought up
a brand new killer bit
- First you get naked and then--
[Shiyui's "Happiness
of the Dead"]
[upbeat music]